DAN: Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding, and brought
with him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
DAN: But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and
transferred their powers to six Bakugan.
DAN: Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
DAN: The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands
and the stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
DAN: So this is the place, huh Spectra?
ACE: Incredible.
We're actually inside the Vexos nerve centre.
So cool.
BARON: I've heard stories about how big it is,
but now that I see it with my own eyes...oh man!
MIRA: Whoa, this place is more heavily fortified.
DRAGO: It's too quiet.
I don't like it.
SHUN: We better start looking for the Bakugan
Termination System before the Vexos realize we're here.
MYLENE: You called sir?
MYLENE: Your message sounded urgent.
ZENOHELD: Mmm-hmm...Look behind you.
SHADOW PROVE: Huh?
VOLT: Brawlers?
MYLENE: But how did they find this place?
PRINCE HYDRON: That weasel Spectra, no doubt.
ZENOHELD: What a wonderful surprise he's brought us.
LYNC: Oh boy, this should be awful interesting.
SHADOW PROVE: Someone's about to go down, real hard...
Yeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Avenging Spectra.
DAN: Alright guys...Pitter-patter.
The clock is ticking.
MIRA: Dan, this place is massive.
How do we even know where to start?
DAN: Hey Spectra.
How 'bout a little help?
Taking down Zenoheld is a good thing for both of us.
SPECTRA: The bet we made was to show you
the location of the palace, Dan.
Not do your dirty work for you.
DAN: What?
MARUCHO: Come on, Spectra.
You in a bad mood?
What's with all the attitude, huh?
SPECTRA: It appears that... you think we're partners,
but let me assure you, we're not.
GUS: Master Spectra has honoured his part of the bargain.
Now get lost.
We owe you nothing more.
DAN: Huh? I don't understand you guys.
We should be united on this.
SPECTRA: You're a fool to think we could ever be
united on anything.
Let's go, Gus.
GUS: Yes, Master Spectra.
BARON: Man, those guys are a couple of real jerks.
ACE: For Sure.
BARON: Yup.
MIRA: Are you guys really that surprised?
C'mon we need to start our search.
DAN: Yeah.
SPECTRA: Come now.
Is that any way to greet your former leader?
Oh, that's right.
You left me for dead.
MYLENE: Yah, well
...should've stayed that way traitor.
GUS: [growls]
ZENOHELD: It's been a long time.
Welcome home, Spectra.
SPECTRA: This wretched place could never be home
to me, Zenoheld.
PRINCE HYDRON: Hey, watch your mouth, Spectra.
ZENOHELD: Enough, Hydron...
I don't understand why you're so hostile, Spectra,
after bringing me the wonderful gift of the Brawlers.
SPECTRA: Bringing them here was a gift to them...
not you.
They're here to destroy your precious BT System.
VOLT: What's that?
SHADOW PROVE: Yeaaaaahhh.
And I'll bet you came along to help them,
didn't you?
GUS: [growls]
MYLENE: Let's all calm down.
SPECTRA: Mylene is right, Gus.
GUS: Yes, Master Spectra.
PRINCE HYDRON: Father...Let me go.
I'll capture the Brawlers.
ZENOHELD: No need to panic, Hydron...
The Brawlers pose no real threat to the BT System
or our plans.
SPECTRA: Are you sure about that, Zenoheld?
Enough to bet your future on it?
ZENOHELD: Worry not, Spectra.
DAN: Oh man, it's gotta be around here somewhere.
DRAGO: Dan.
We can't just keep wandering aimlessly like this.
ACE: We're too exposed out here.
We could be caught by the Vexos.
MIRA: Ya, Drago and Ace are right, Dan.
MARUCHO: Perhaps we could devise a better grid
for our search pattern.
SHUN: If we were Zenoheld...
Where would we hide the BT System?
DAN: Up there, probably.
BARON: Where it's really hard to get at.
MIRA: Quick, let's hop in that.
ROBOT DRIVER: Input destination, please.
DAN: Take us to the BT System.
ROBOT DRIVER: Sorry, you do not have the correct
authorization for that destination.
DAN: Of course not.
MIRA: Here, let me try something.
ACE: It's working.
MIRA: Yup.
I managed to override the internal security system.
DAN: Okay.
To the BT System and step on it.
ROBOT DRIVER: Buckle up 'cuz....
...here we...
...GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
ZENOHELD: Now then, Spectra.
I'm sure you wouldn't have come all this way unless
you wanted something.
So what is it?
GUS: How dare you sit there so smugly, after you
falsely accused Master Spectra and framed him...
I'm gonna make you pay.
ZENOHELD: Come on.
Out with it.
SPECTRA: Alright, since you asked so nicely...
I want you to leave the Brawlers alone.
ZENOHELD: What's that?
My boy, you've got to be kidding me.
SPECTRA: I promise you I am very serious;
but if you do this, we can start again.
I will wipe the slate clean and forget that you
ever falsely accused me.
MYLENE: Falsely accused you?
SHADOW PROVE: What's this trash you're talkin', traitor?
Huuuuuhhh?
PRINCE HYDRON: Enough!
I'm not going to listen to any more of this nonsense.
ZENOHELD: It seems you've gotten things backward
here, Spectra.
It is you who is hurling the false accusations...
What is clear, however...
is your undeniable betrayal of the Vexos.
What do you have to say for yourself?
PRINCE HYDRON: Let's hear you lie your way out of this one.
GUS: Silence!
I will not allow you to mock Master Spectra
any further!
SPECTRA: Gus!
What did I say?
GUS: But sir...
SPECTRA: No buts.
We're here to negotiate...
We don't have time for this childish bickering.
GUS: I'm sorry, Master Spectra.
SPECTRA: I'll say it again.
SPECTRA: I want you to leave the Brawlers alone...
if you know what's good for you,
you'll listen to me.
ZENOHELD: I see time has done nothing to lessen
your arrogance.
I think it's time you were on your way, Spectra.
PRINCE HYDRON: You heard him.
You're lucky my father, King Zenoheld,
has forgiven your insolence and betrayal...
You better leave while you still can.
GUS: [growls]
SPECTRA: Very well then Zenoheld...Good luck on
your road to ruin... Time to go, Gus.
GUS: Okay.
DAN: Oh yeah!
Look at this baby, go.. go.. go!
BARON: Yeah man!
We're gonna be there in no time at all!
INGRAM: Let's hope the computer system hasn't
detected our security override.
DRAGO: Yes!
SHADOW PROVE: Have you ever seen a California Roll this big?
I could eat this all day.
MYLENE: Seriously, do you have to eat with your mouth open?
LYNC: You two remind me of my grandparents,
the way you're always arguing with each other.
MYLENE: Mind your own business, Lync.
ZENOHELD Hmmm?
GUS: Stay back!
PRINCE HYDRON: Father!
ZENOHELD: Who are you?
ZENOHELD: Ahhhhh.
PRINCE HYDRON: It's you!
[growling]
MYLENE: Well if it isn't... Spectra's little lap dog.
SHADOW PROVE: Woooo!
GUS: You're going to pay for tarnishing
Master Spectra's reputation.
PRINCE HYDRON: Wait a minute!
GUS: Battle me!
Zenoheld!
ZENOHELD: You're going to regret this...
...little man!
GUS: You think?
I doubt it.
GUS: You'll be the one with regrets, Zenoheld,
after I avenge Master Spectra!
GUS: I'll make the Vexos pay, Master Spectra!
SPECTRA: Your hot temper is causing us trouble, Gus.
GUS: Let's go!
BOTH: Gauntlet, Power Strike!
GUS: Gate Card, set!
GUS: Bakugan Brawl!
GUS: Bakugan, stand!
GUS: Subterra Rex Vulcan!
ZENOHELD: That's the Bakugan that you choose
to battle me with, little man?
GUS: You're a fool to underestimate Vulcan.
After my reprogramming he has only one function:
Loyalty to Master Spectra.
[beeping]
SPECTRA: Oh Gus.
When will you learn?
ZENOHELD: Very well...since you insist...
let's see what you've got...Bakugan Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan stand!
ZENOHELD: Go Pyrus Farbros!
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Hammer Knuckle!
GUS: Come on Vulcan!
VULCAN: As you command, master.
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Gallium Shield!
GUS: Alright...
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set!
GUS: Fusion Ability, activate!
GUS: Drill Booster!
ZENOHELD: So...you're not as weak an opponent
as I thought you were, my cocky young friend.
GUS: Friend, you say?
You obviously have me mistaken
for somebody else, old man.
GUS: Ready for more, Vulcan?
VULCAN: I'm always ready!
VULCAN: Huuuuuaaaaahhh!
ZENOHELD: You sure throw your weight around,
for a little guy.
GUS: Whatever!
I've barely gotten started, Zenoheld.
VULCAN: Bring it on!
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Close Flame!
GUS: What?
GUS: Vulcan!
VULCAN: Don't worry, Master.
I won't let you down.
GUS: Nice one... Gate Card, open!
GUS: Transducer!
VULCAN: Your powers are about to become mine.
FARBROS' COMPUTER: Abnormal energy decrease,
battle operation will shut down in T minus
45 seconds.
GUS: That's the sound of your impending doom, Zenoheld.
ZENOHELD: This, my young friend is why you were
never able to conquer New Vestroia...
GUS: What?
ZENOHELD: You and your boss were too busy
counting your victories before you actually won them.
GUS: You should talk!
You're crazy if you think you can actually win this!
ZENOHELD: You're the crazy one, boy...
Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Ground Breaker!
GUS: He just nullified my Gate Card.
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: FARBAS XM!
FARBROS' COMPUTER: Recovery System activated.
Damage sustained from Hammer Knuckle and Drill
Booster has been repaired...
GUS: What?
It's equipped with a FARBAS System?
VULCAN: This will be a challenge.
ZENOHELD: Here's another one.
Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Garland Claw!
GUS: Vulcan!
GAUNTLET: Gus life force, 10 %.
ZENOHELD: I told you when we started you'd regret
challenging me to a battle.
ZENOHELD: Gate Card, set!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan...Brawl!
ZENOHELD: Bakugan Stand!
ZENOHELD: Pyrus Farbros!
GUS: Bakugan Brawl!
GUS: Bakugan Stand!
GUS: Don't count Vulcan out yet!
ZENOHELD: Tough talk doesn't change a thing...
Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Fire Spartan.
VULCAN: I can still do this, master.
ZENOHELD: How annoyingly persistent...
Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Twin Horn Pulsar!
GUS: Blast.
Vulcan can't survive this...Ability activate!
GUS: Mega Viblow!
ZENOHELD: You're a glutton for punishment.
GUS: Elico!
Go help Vulcan!
Bakugan Brawl!
GUS: Bakugan Stand!
GUS: Aqua Blast Elico!
ELICO: Hey now!
GUS: Double Ability, activate!
GUS: Hammer Knuckle!
GUS: Plus... Hydro Typhoon.
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Gallium Shield!
GUS: Elico! Change to Subterra!
GUS: And...
...activate!
GUS: Forcement Power!
GUS: Elico! Ability activate!
GUS: Reflection Jacket!
ZENOHELD: Hmmmphh...Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Twin Horn Pulsar!
GUS: That won't work!
With the Refection Jacket, Subterra Blast Elico's
body nullifies all abilities!
ELICO: Huuuuuaaaaahhhh!
ELICO: Haaah!
GUS: Had you enough yet?
Perhaps we should end this now.
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: FARBAS XM!
ZENOHELD: Gate Card, open!
ZENOHELD: Land Pressure!
GUS: Hold on...Ability activate!
Subterra Force Alive!
ELICO: Haaaah!
GUS: Subterra Force Alive not only nullifies the
opponent's gate card...
ZENOHELD: Oh no...
GUS: It also doubles the Subterra Bakugan's power level.
Which means that because of the attribute change
both Elico's and Vulcan's power levels are doubled!
GUS: It's over for you...Zenoheld!
ZENOHELD: What a shame.
GUS: What is?
ZENOHELD: Well, I admire the fact that you are
a daring risk-taker who possess sophisticated,
brawling skills.
It's just a shame that...well,
that I have to destroy you.
Such a waste of talent...
GUS: Huh?
ZENOHELD: I altered the Gauntlet Battle System.
Now I can destroy all of you with just the touch
of a few tiny buttons on my Gauntlet...
Farbros, activate Assail Formation!
ZENOHELD: Assail Farbros, complete!
ZENOHELD: Gus.
You picked the wrong side.
GUS: I'd never join you...
Double Ability, activate!
GUS: Gaia Divide!
ELICO: Haaaaahhh!
GUS: Plus... Hyper Impact!
ZENOHELD: Too late, Gus.
GUS: No! Not yet.
Not until I've avenged your betrayal
of Master Spectra... Ability activate!
GUS: Land Blow!
GUS: And...!
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
GUS: Fusion Ability, activate!
GUS: Gaia Booster!
ELICO: Haaaaahh!
ZENOHELD: Give it up, Gus...Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Shadow Crowley.
ZENOHELD: Why so shocked?
I told you I was going to destroy you.
GUS: No!
GUS: Elico!
That was meant for me!
ELICO: You saved me once.
So I am merely returning the favour.
It's the least I could do.
GUS: Elico!
VULCAN: His sacrifice will not be in vain.
ZENOHELD: Don't worry.
You two will be joining your comrade soon enough...
Ability activate.
ZENOHELD: Garland Claw!
GUS: Vulcan!
ZENOHELD: Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Meteor Driver!
GUS: Vulcan, watch out!
GUS: Hexados?
VULCAN: What are you doing?
GUS: Zenoheld!
VULCAN: You're gonna pay.
GUS: Ability activate!
GUS: Hyper Aigis.
VULCAN: Haaaaah!
ZENOHELD: What's this?
GUS: Face it.
You haven't beaten us yet.
And you won't beat us...Ability activate!
GUS: Hammer Knuckle!
GUS: As well as...
GAUNTLET: Ability Card, set.
GUS: Fusion Ability, activate!
GUS: Drill Booster!
ZENOHELD: Whatever.
Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Shiny Orichalcum!
GUS: I'm sorry I couldn't avenge your betrayal
Master Spectra!
GUS: Vulcan!
GUS: It's okay! Stop it. You don't have to do this!
VULCAN: Enough?
Just as your loyalty to Master Spectra knows no bounds,
so does my loyalty to you.
GUS: Vulcan!
ZENOHELD: Gus, I hope that you understand the price
you're about to pay for your loyalty.
ZENOHELD: When I'm finished, it will have
cost you everything.
GUS: Everything...?! [laughs]
GUS: No matter what happens, you'll never be able
to take the bond of loyalty and friendship...
that I share with Master Spectra!
Isn't that right, Vulcan?
VULCAN: Absolutely!
ZENOHELD: Hmmph.
Well then I guess this is farewell, poor little
misguided, Gus...Ability activate!
ZENOHELD: Meteor Driver!
GUS: Farewell to you... Master Spectra!
DAN: We finally infiltrated the Mother Palace,
but now we've gotta hurry and find
the BT System so we can destroy it!
Strange thing is, we've yet to run into
any of the Vexos.
Whoa. Spoke to soon.
Here comes Shadow Prove and Lync.
Looks like we're gonna have to make a break for it
and hope for the best.
Where the heck did all these hooded freaks come from?
You're going down, Hydron!
Bakugan Brawl!
Better believe it!